Changes to docs: Auth, Cloud Native, Configuration and Environments (#260)
boostercloud/booster: docs/README.md

By default, a Booster application has no roles defined, so the only allowed value you can use in the `authorize` policy is `'all'` (good for public APIs).
If you want to add user authorization, you first need to create the roles that are suitable for your application.

> Roles are classes annotated with the `@Role` decorator, where you can specify some attributes. We recommend that you define your roles in the file `src/roles.ts` or, if you have too many roles, put them in several files under a `src/roles` folder.

Reviewer: well just in case it's not clear, you can choose between `an` and `the` :P

> Roles are classes annotated with the `@Role` decorator, where you can specify some attributes. We recommend that you define your roles in the file `src/roles.ts` or, if you have too many roles, put them in several files under a `src/roles` folder.

Author: Thanks for the clarification, I was scratching my head XD. 

I choose "the".

![](https://media.giphy.com/media/ZgYBhq1x7L1bW/giphy.gif)

> Roles are classes annotated with the `@Role` decorator, where you can specify some attributes. We recommend that you define your roles in the file `src/roles.ts` or, if you have too many roles, put them in several files under a `src/roles` folder.

Author: Done b8f42e1

export class User {}
```

The `Admin` role contains the following attribute `allowSelfSignUp: false`,
which means that when users sign-up, they can't specify themselves the role `Admin` as one of its roles.
The `User` role has this attribute set to `true`, so users can self-assign this role to themselves.

If your Booster application has roles defined, an [authentication API](#authentication-api) will be provisioned. It will allow your users to gain
access to your resources.

Once a user has an access token, it can be included in any request made to your Booster application as a
_Bearer_ token. It will be used to get the user information and
authorize them to access protected resources.

#### Authentication API
The authentication API consists of several endpoints that allow you to manage user registrations, sessions, tokens and more.

> The base URL of all these endpoints is the `httpURL` output of your application. See the ["Application Outputs"](#application-outputs) section know more.

Reviewer: or `to know more`

> The base URL of all these endpoints is the `httpURL` output of your application. See the ["Application Outputs"](#application-outputs) section know more.

Author: Thanks! I gave this sentence several turns and left it in a corrupted state 🤣

> The base URL of all these endpoints is the `httpURL` output of your application. See the ["Application Outputs"](#application-outputs) section know more.

Author: Done b8f42e1

Booster uses sensible defaults, convention over configuration, and code inference to reduce dramatically the amount of configuration needed. However, there are some aspects that can't be inferred (like the application name) or the provider library used for each [environment](#environments).

#### Booster configuration

> You configure your application by calling the `Booster.configure()` method. There are no restrictions about where you should do this call, but the convention is to do it in your configuration files located in the `src/config` folder. If you used the project generator (`boost new:project <project-name>`), this is where the config files are by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You configure your application by calling the `Booster.configure()` method. There are no restrictions about where you should do this call, but the convention is to do it in your configuration files located in the `src/config` folder. This folder will get automatically generated for you after running the `boost new:project <project-name>` CLI command.
```

})
```

> It is also possible to place an environment configuration in a separated file. Let's say that a developer called "Pepe" created its own configuration file `src/config/pepe.ts`. The content would be the following:

Reviewer 2: For some reason (don't ask why) some people link the Pepe name towards right-wing fascist movements. I'd change this to `John Doe` or something

Author: Oh God! I'll change it

Author: Done b8f42e1
